README.md, before:

# LD33

# Game rules

## Elements

There are 6 elements in the game: Sacred, Evil, Fire, Ice, Venom and Normal (heh, sounds familiar?). Each element has weakness and strengths against other elements. In the next table, you can check strengths and weaknesses. W = weak, VW = very weak, S = strong.

·  |  S|  E|  F|  I|  V|  M
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
 S |   |VW | W |   |   | S 
 E | S | W |VW |   |   |   
 F |   | S |   |VW | W |   
 I | W |   | S |   |VW |   
 V |   |   |   | W | S |VW 
 M |VW |   |   | S |   | W      

 Game characters can have affinity to any element, none of them exclusive, so one character can have affinity even to all elements.

## Abilities

There are 3 kinds of abilities: **attacks**, **benefits** and **ailments**. Attacks are just abilities that deal damage, depending on the strength of the attack, stats and benefits/ailments. 

### Modifiers

Each ability will have a modifier that will determine its uses and bias its strength. More strength, less uses and so.

1  |     2 |    3 |     4 |     5
---|-------|------|-------|------
   | Super | Mega | Ultra | Hyper


### Attacks

An attack damage will be computed from its caster affinity to that element and its stats, and the receiver affinity and its stats. There are 3 kinds of attacks:

* Magic: influenced by magic stats
* Cuts: influenced by magic and physic stats at equal
* Mash: more influenced by physic stats

There are also 3 attacks of each type, depending on its base strength:

Power | Magic   | Cut   | Mash
------|---------|-------|------
1     | Shard   | Cut   | Tackle
2     | Breath  | Slash | Smash
3     | Crystal | Razor | Slam

### Benefits and ailments

Benefits and ailments can be categorized as follow:

·       | Attack bias | Defense bias | Special effect
--------|-------------|--------------|----------------
Benefit | Aura 		  | Barrier      | Chant
Ailment | Growl       | Shade        | Haunt

**Chants** and **haunts** have not still been coded. **Attack bias** means that it will influence the caster affinity when attacks, and **defense bias** will influence the receiver affinity when attacked.

Commit message:

updating readme; fixing magic attacks to be only magic, and mashes to be only physic

README.md, after:

# LD33

# Game rules

## Elements

There are 6 elements in the game: Sacred, Evil, Fire, Ice, Venom and Normal (heh, sounds familiar?). Each element has weakness and strengths against other elements. In the next table, you can check strengths and weaknesses. W = weak, VW = very weak, S = strong.

·  |  S|  E|  F|  I|  V|  M
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
 S |   |VW | W |   |   | S 
 E | S | W |VW |   |   |   
 F |   | S |   |VW | W |   
 I | W |   | S |   |VW |   
 V |   |   |   | W | S |VW 
 M |VW |   |   | S |   | W      

 Game characters can have affinity to any element, none of them exclusive, so one character can have affinity even to all elements.

## Abilities

There are 3 kinds of abilities: **attacks**, **benefits** and **ailments**. Attacks are just abilities that deal damage, depending on the strength of the attack, stats and benefits/ailments. 

### Modifiers

Each ability will have a modifier that will determine its uses and bias its strength. More strength, less uses and so. When an ability is out of uses, you will be prompted to select a new one from 3 randomly generated. You can only get an element ability if you have affinity to that element.
1  |     2 |    3 |     4 |     5
---|-------|------|-------|------
   | Super | Mega | Ultra | Hyper


### Attacks

An attack damage will be computed from its caster affinity to that element and its stats, and the receiver affinity and its stats. There are 3 kinds of attacks:

* Magic: influenced by magic stats
* Cuts: influenced by magic and physic stats at equal
* Mash: more influenced by physic stats

There are also 3 attacks of each type, depending on its base strength:

Power | Magic   | Cut   | Mash
------|---------|-------|------
1     | Shard   | Cut   | Tackle
2     | Breath  | Slash | Smash
3     | Crystal | Razor | Slam

### Benefits and ailments

Benefits and ailments can be categorized as follow:

·       | Attack bias | Defense bias | Special effect
--------|-------------|--------------|----------------
Benefit | Aura 		  | Barrier      | Chant
Ailment | Growl       | Shade        | Haunt

**Chants** and **haunts** have not still been coded. **Attack bias** means that it will influence the caster affinity when attacks, and **defense bias** will influence the receiver affinity when attacked.
